Main Participants and Actions:
  Tesla
  Elon Musk 
    twitter tirrade, tesla incharge, main driver&decision maker of company, 
    spoke to Jake(CR), attributed poor BRK system to calibration issues, emailed a follow up to CR to update on progress,
    
  Consumer Report 
    independent, nonprofit member organization
    tested braking system, two different cars and rigorous testing, industry-standard procedure designed by SAE International,
    
  Jake Fisher, director of auto testing at CR. 
    Explaied testing to Elon.
  Consumer/drives/customers
    bought the car, drive it
    
  Tesla spokeswoman 
    communicates company information to outsiders(media,consumers,regulators etc)
  engineering team 
    Validates Updates, develops software, 
  
  Regulator
  
  
  
  
Reduced List,
  Tesla & Elon Musk
  Engineering Team
  Consumer Report
  Customer
  mistrust between campanies and consumers - https://forums.tesla.com/forum/forums/did-tesla-just-slow-down-our-cars
  OTA changes the way drivers experience the car
    it makes them susceptible to confusion on their car's behaviour. 
    Is the car degrading due to bad driving or is it purposefuly degrading.
  hidden side effects of an update: intended or unintended?
Legal Considerations,
  Should products be under the direct control of Makers till redundant?
  can they be trusted?
  what does law say about right to full ownership?
  necessary updates?
  if customer cannot differentiate what the update will do?
  
  is OTA legal? is the ability of OTA legal? Regulators cannot test OTA changes are software changes and hence anything could change.
  are updates shared with regulator for approval?
  OTA can leave a person in a desperate situation or even a life threatening situation
  security vulnerabilities?
  
Possible Options for Participants, 
  company can share Source code and technical specs of updates,
  provide analytical metrics to customers of all of their car systems(before and after update metrics)[transparency],
  Regulator creates OTA framework in conjenction with Commercial companies and Customer protection Associations,
    

Possible Justifications for Actions,

Key Statements,
Questions raised,
  Have comapnies considered when to do OTA? avoid impact to customer 
  i.e. is the OTA suddenly going to fail the car in the middle of driving or leave them stranded in the middle of nowhere.
  
Analogies employed,
Codes of Ethics utilised. 
